ready I think the Selma heads off here
dad do it with the half-inch mass 7/16
wrench
I can't do it a soccer goody laughing in
their box
you can't really get a good grip when
he's got so much crud on the plus or a
little around it
okay I'm gonna unscrew them I don't have
to watch me unscrew that and we'll pull
the head off all right I'm bolting it
take it off so it looks like you know I
hit too hard on this Thanks everything
go
oh couch but rings look okay mm-hmm oh
not like put my head in the way or not
but it's okay to be missing on this side
here it's missing a little retaining
ring or a Welch what's pathetic all in
but that's not
look they're playin up it it's only a
hobby engine we're not gonna be doing a
laundry with it alright turn this other
side around and we'll unbolt this one
for you already get this other side
unbolted pull it off now let me see that
pretty dry inside but actually feel
pretty good you know if I can't see much
in there
you say I got flashlight
maybe I can't see much but pretty good
both of my taking us home in there
should be fine nice here
the bottom link seems to be stuck but
probably nothing a little persuasion how
far they'll carve at home that in butter
spray chart up tweeter here we go you
can see that bottom range seems to be
stuck with the rest of it looks pretty
good so you've got both Walsh plugs hit
got a plug on that side and I'll plug on
this side this one's missing it this one
only has has one on there we go oh yeah
only no one on that side this one's
missing take care of that don't all
right what's wrong I'm gonna break it
down wait maybe we got one more thing to
take out with I ought to do now is take
out the carb air of jet here we've got a
little allen wrench on the side here
holding it in little set screw I think
they call
so holds the men but they put it there
with some time gas oil or some kind of
sealer and stuff so what I do is the
threat I think is there 1032 I put a
1032 bolt in there pair of vise grips
and then just try and wave light out a
little bit
where you guys at
comes here we kill oh yeah yeah that's
the chick oh yeah
seal off the boys groups you're gonna
take that bolt up show it to you so you
gotta make sure it's pretty clean then
you got a little at the end of this
little titty here there's a there's a
hole that's where the gas squirts out
yeah it looks to be in pretty good shape
don't like they put it in with any kind
of sealant though all right they gets as
far as gonna go now I'm just gonna clean
the rest of it off I think seems to be
pretty good on it everything seems
pretty tight all right clean us up in
there maybe we'll make a few videos of
that all righty
see you later I took this one piston out
and I was looking at the Rings cleaner
in there noticed this one ring has a big
hunk missing out of it so it looks like
we're gonna have to buy a set of rings
at least piston looks like it could be
cleaned up and straightened up a little
bit but I might wind up getting an old
piston to I don't know we'll see we'll
start with a set of rings all righty
enough for this